Personal Access Token documentation updates (#572)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: faqs.mdx

<div class="infoBlock">

> For more information on finding your access token, refer to the <a href="https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/personal-access-tokens/">Personal Access Tokens</a> guide.

Reviewer: Should change "finding your access token" to "generating an access token"

> For more information on finding your access token, refer to the <a href="https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/personal-access-tokens/">Personal Access Tokens</a> guide.

Author: ```suggestion
For more information on generating a personal access token, refer to the <a href="https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/personal-access-tokens/">Personal Access Tokens</a> guide.
```
